


#morning


> how are you feeling?

i'm okay. pre-stressed about housing


> what were you dreaming about?

ahh, tsanley... running really fast, riding a bicycle.... being agile and mobiel and happy outside on suburban streets... 


> so talia tonight.




> ha haaa




> what's the plan?

text her around 5:30-6. suggest a plan. a plan is to pick her up and go for a drink then see what's up. another plan is to pick her up and go eat somewhere. shall see what her schedule and my feelings are


> when'll you do that faxing business?

when we decide who's form is getting faxed.


> when do you think you'll most likely be tempted to use today?

when i'm stressed 2-4 pm.


> what are some ways you can mitigate this wanting? think back to lynn... think back to chapman, even...

postpone!!!!! if i still want to use when _____, then i can use. for now i will not use.


> what's /really/ motivating you today?

finding an apartemnt?   no, gettign with talia.


> how can you leverage that motivaton to get something you //really// want?

i can leverage my want of talia for sobriety.    i can leverage my want of an apartment for... learning how to work well with others, concede my point, apologize when necessary, etc....


> i want you to remember something




> three truisms.




> (1) if you can smoke, you can lie down. (2) lie down. (3) listen to your body, watch and pay attention. not the clouds but the blue sky.




> what's something - something totally within your power - that you can you do to make today a /win/?

stay healthy and stay sober.


> do it.




> xD




