


#morning


> what were you dreaming about?

goat food. my parents agreed that the goat food we had been buying was 


> how are you feeling?

well


> what's the answer you came to w/r/t the embededness of cycles?

THE SUMMER  Freeing of methodologies and from restrictions; relaxing of rules and guidelines.  Creativity.  Ennui if ill-dignified.  


> draw a tarot




> any thoughts?

align my objectives. odn't spread.


> what can you do to make today unbelievable?

creative working with music. stron ginteractions with others.


> music and writing & drawing in your new notebook




> so //////simple//////!!!!!!!!!




> call matt today




> call dem today




> good with laurie today - modest ok




> patience is also a virtue




> have a zonular day







#evening


> what was the highlight of your day?

watching adventure time with dad. watching murdochs with mom and dad.


> tell me about your struggle with smoking today. tell me about your lowest point and how you coped with it.

surprisingly, looking up strains idly on leafly was not my lowest point. my lowest point was that evening, being unable to start in my notebook project because i felt like i needed to smoke. so i go out for boba. i come back and it's still hard, still the struggle, still the desire. but i shy away from my pencil -- i just pick up a pen and START. WRITING! and all of a sudden it's easy! it just comes out! 'mistakes' here and there, sure, but whatever! it does come out. listening to harvester, listening to whatever -- still totally enjoyable. and now i have a few pages of a book i've made sober. ( and i'll do this whole book sober, just you wait and watch... )


> what can you learn from this, going forward?

when i'm at a roadblock, JUST~ DO! THE~ PROJECT!  drones? just open ableton and do them!!   drawing? just pick up the pen and start drawing shit!!!  coding?  (well, needless to say.... one needs only compile)


> what's something you can do to make tomorrow excellent? 

engage with my feelings about mom and dad's impending bankrupcy.   //   do a great job at the gym with them.   //    make drones. continue the sketchbook project.


> rest - cycles?

THE SUMMER  relaxing of boundaries.  ///  this is fine for now.  embededness in cycles later on.   a sensible way of tracking.  git:branches::sun cycle:embededness of cycles


> remove what?

the need to improve the infrastructure


> add only one thing - what?

ideas about what my hobbies are and how i am reaching them out to their highest points -- drawing; drones; coding


> s/t pithy:

coding is for work and artisinal software is something else;  question is which hobbies; which expand the man to something greater?  access to women and subservience of men.


> s/t longer-winded:

oh, i mixed them up - 


> s/t vague -- this is the token, to sleep on:

show me another card.


> above above, up up -- remember, your highest self -- your inner voice. quickly, what does it say to this:   remember

the gelato shop -- speaking with ben about programming. i don't know why. i'm not sure it matters


> okay, now calming




> down




> relax




> feel your forehead relax




> feel your face relax




> do your best louis impression




> ...




> ..




> i'm waiting




> perfect




> goodnight nick :) :*




