


> what's the first step on the project your most excited about?

i guess follow the flask tutorial, figure out how users log in and out


> now say the next step.

figure out how a model of a user and a channel would be


> what's a way to get better a drones?

practice recording more stretched drones, then playing over them


> what's a way to ge better at making mgmm?

refine the current use-case to be the most effective thing possible.  by really targeting the goal


> what's a way to get better at developing any skill?

figure out the crucial components of the skill (is it implicit or explicit knowledge? both, but in what proportions?)   figure out what i //really stand to gain// from figuring this skill out.


> what's a way to get better at developing any project?

really figuring out the //goal// of the project -- the rubric by which i can grade my success.


> how could you apply these advices?

make a rubric for judging mgmm's success


> what's the 100% success case for today's barbecue?

eat a good meal with friends. engage someone i admire about my interests. form a lasting relationship - be a creative partnership or just a friendship built on respect/admiration.


> what's an idea about the med game?

to make the simplest version of it in the days before i go to montreal. then i'm just "testing it" aren't i? (so it's GoT to have a snooze button)


> what's the most fun thing you can think to do or make before the barbeque today?

flask tutorial. simple app with login/logout.


> what are some things you did for other people yesterday?




> what are some things you could do for other people today?




> pick one and say when you might do it?




> you're great.




