


#evening


> how did you avoid smoking during the day today?

i did something else instead. i did the thing i would have done after smoking.


> would you do the same thing again tomorrow?

of course. i would postpone the whole today, until sundown.


> any adjustments/upgrades?

one hopes that my brain will catch on and stop asking to smoke before sundown. how to achieve this? certainly through resolution. "i will never desire to smoke during the day. during the day, i will be active, focused and energetic." imagine it in hans dejong's voice.


> what was the highlight of your day today?

either grouper on the bed while i wrote you, or sitting around with adam and learning about go. six of cups, remembering the inner child.


> what was a thing ou did today that you know made someone else feel really good about themselves?

probably complimenting matt or just being a human to adam.   i could have been nicer to dad.  dad is always a focus.


> what are you most excited about at this very moment?

drones at the moment. drones and writing a beginning in go.


> when's a good time to do note))))? nb: don't rush it.

august could be a great time. i could be a lot more advanced with web and javascript by then.


> ok: c-a R;  c-a S







#morning


> how are you feeling?

i'm alright. vitamin throat. i worked hard at the gym but i wish i'd've run longer. energized though and awake and full.


> what were you dreaming about?

i don't remember any of it. i remember it being hard to sleep last night, sativa high and all.


> what will you do today if you feel like smoking in the daytime?

"do it" haha no. maybe. i mean.   ok, things i need to do first: email matt, look at adam's notes.   then drones (smoke for that? is it necessary?)    then go code, learning how to organize (ok should be sober eh)     then starting a simple revel project with a few models (this i suppose i could be high for, as long as i already know how to get it on git)


> postpone, postpone, and postpone again.




> what's the very next step on making mgmm better for you?

mr good morning / mr good evening have ways of taking me ///directly/// to the next screen i need to see. to todos,  to reviews, etc.


> what first between drones, 




> what'll you do for dad today?

i can come innto his office while i'm setting up the revel project.


> what's something small you'd really like to experiment with today?

revel, go, setting up code and making sense of it


> focus on your breathing.




> adjust your spine, keep it straight.




> relax your arms, your neck, your chest. your face and scalp and forehead.




> take a moment to focus on your breathing. say an affirmation when you are very relaxed.




> email matt




> adam's notes on the git repo




> good work today







#evening


> how did you avoid smoking during the day today?

i didn't. i smoked intentionally (lynn would disagree) around 3p. it didn't feel good at all.  i was in a negative headspace so of course it's no wonder. i'm starting to feel dull again -- browned out.  i'm worried about what marijuana is doing to my brain. //  and to my life, introverted -- social with cool older roomates at berkeley \\  *a few notes in morning and in evening*


> would you do the same thing again tomorrow?

no. tomorrow i will remove everything and seek three days for clarity. 


> any adjustments/upgrades?

i will put the grinder and the one-hitter somewhere relatively far away. i will make a list of things iw ant to have in berkeley.


> what are you most excited about at this very moment?

MED GAME.  drones.


> what'd you do for dad today?

i gave him advice on work.  i pushed him to move on finding a way to publish his book.


> did you pick drones? or go? are you happy with the choice? what might be the benefits you gained from chosing the way you did?

i picked drones. i'm very happy with the choice. marijuana was a big hindrance, but i did learn a bit about looping samples. who needs an analog looper? trick is coming up with patterns so you know what to adjust.  i gained some zones insight because of the choice - closer to the religious/spirutal experience i'm seeking.


> what's an ideal start to tomorrow morning?

i wake up and attack the button.  i then update xcode and duplicate my twirp project. i locate the places i need to change things.   i attack the text on the homepage. by this time it's about 1:30-2pm. i feel very empowered at this stage.


> note)))




> med game




> ok, c-a R;  c-a S;  may have to relaunch tmux




