


> do you remember your dream?




> how are you feeling?

good. got myself up to the gym and now energized and relaxed.


> how about making a hacker news clone today?

i could do. i can see myself doing it on my dad's couch for example.


> how about practicing a few licks on guitar today?

definitely. after tonight, whatever happens.


> how about that's it, aside from using your computer friend mgmm and thinking about that?




> how do you really want to feel today?

relaxed and open - going with the flow, really feeling and being there. eh?


> why do you especially want to do drones tonight, after last night?

last night whet my appetite. i think i'm on the road to great things now.


> what's the first thing you do when you sit down to make the meditation game?

save twirp as a new project, remove all elements that involve tweeting.


> three hours, eh?

yes.


> what's a good mindstate/liestate for making the meditation game?

ready for spiritual involvement - channeled through/via drones


> what's a good mindstate/liestate for making mgmm?

current one - into self-work, discovering mechanisms for self-work


> what's good with answering questions /before you go to bed?/

V GOOD IDEA.                  ps: this was my dream:  i was with talia and there was gross white shit leaking out of her ass and pussy. she was like laughing it off trying to be funny about it but obviously i was disgusted and trying to get it on with her anyway. euch.


> ...




> ...




> ...




> ...




> list what's interesting you today

GUITAR LICKS/drones.    $$      maybe that hackernews tutorial     $$   mgmm next steps.....the day screen...... 


> what can keep you from smoking before sunset today?

staying with my dad.  doing what i would have done after smoking.


> when yesterday did you enjoy yourself the most?

1) jamming on my guitar and hearing something really good come out, really being hypnotized by it   2) after i went to my notebook WITHOUT smoking, because i thought "i would smoke and go sit by my notebook", and then just sat by my notebook anyway


> if you worked on  only  one thing today (which may well be the case), what would it be?

okay, besides drones, which is non-negotiable?  either PYTHON/MGMM  or  HACKERNEWS


> how do you feel about making drones with your guitar via ableton today/tonight? just you... alone in your room... all your shit set up.....?

yes


> ...




> ...




> ...




> how do you feel about yourself?

good. i like myself a lot actually. i could be better by being more relaxed, a more attentive freind


> what would you be if not exactly who you are?

stronger frame and a better athelte. able to make this awesome hypnotic kind of music.


> why? why not you?

i suppose these things would just make me feel more alive.


> ...




> ...




> ...




> ...




> once again: what's the goal for the time school starts?

coolest possible guy.


> what's the goal for the end of the day?

ok, DRONES and MGMM BETTER


> how are you feeling now?

great.


> get em good today eh 




> ah - wait -- 




> when will you work dad into your day today?

on his couch i bet, after lunch a bit hwne i've decided what to do


> what's a good way to engage dad? involve him?

tell him what i'm working on, what i'm thinking about -- don't just be all closed off about it


> what's a good way to spend time passively, healthily for both of you?

on his couch, working on something, chatting occasionally


> what's a good time to do this? to spend working time with him on his couch perhaps?




> when will you work dad into your day today?




> ...




> you'll do great today.




