


#evening


> what was the highlight of your day?

my chat with dad just now in his office after yogurt. about the world, politics, all that


> tell me about your struggle with smoking today. tell me about your lowest point and how you coped with it.

my lowest point was taking out adam's grinder and scraping some kief out of it. (i didn't put it in a piece or anything). i coped by saying "this is sad" and screwing the grinder back together. 


> what can you learn from this, going forward?

i will want.   to want to not want -- i won't achieve this goal.   to simply not smoke -- now that's something i can do.   the idea is to do the right actions and eventually my thoughts will follow.   so, if i find myself with an open grinder, say "this is sad" and close it.   find myself looking for weed doctors, say "this is sad" and close the tabs.   find myself really really just //needing// to smoke --  meditate.  draw something.


> what's something you can do to make tomorrow unbelievable? 

play music and draw & write in my new notebook.            (how //simple//!!!!!!!!)


> one thing just came up here




> i need you to listne closely and to really think about it




> getting good ideas, you often have to do something boring don't you?




> what's something you'd really like to find, or solve, in your sleep tonight?

the answer about the sun cycle ---  the relationship i'm looking for regarding embededness of cycles


> do it




> relax




> breathe. do the exercises.




> good night :***** 




