


> how are you feeling?

kinda tired/weak, wishing i were still asleep


> what's the #1 thing you want to be different about today compared to yesterday?

i want to go to the gym this morning.


> what's the #1 thing you want different about MGMM?

i want it to one-button setup. perhaps on boot.


> what's the #1 thing you want to be different about yourself?

i want a bigger upper body.


> list the things that are really interesting you today

cryptography class still; algo trading; writing taksim; writing for selacon


> if you /had/ to remove /one/ of those items, which would it be?

crypto clas.... not proud, wish the answe were algo trading


> if you could only do one of the items you listed originally, which would it be?

writing taksim probably


> what are you going to do today to assure that you do NOT smoke in the middle of the day?

leave at cravign, go to ... TBD


> perhaps you'll leave the house today, between craving and about 4:30-5p. The craving can be your cue to go.




> 




> how do you feel about doing those classes today?

i might.


> which one appeals to you most, conceptually?

crypto


> which one do you think you're probably gonna do first?

crypto.


> i know i know, the mantras system shoots to mind.




> or is it the auto-multiplexed terminal? 




> you might want to experiment with putting multiple urwid runtimes together in talk.py




> you might also want to experiment with traversing the urwid pile




> you also might want to experiment with background colors *hehe*




> and what might go under the convo list view?

could be small mantras. i don't want information overload though. could be a short list of something. i'm not sure. nothing is okay too.


> and what might be some other outcomes of a large, full-screen urwid visualization with a banner in the front that changes on a timer and all that? what other uses might such a panel have?

daytime panel; screensaver?; visualizer for tempting me to quiet screen


> what's something that really oughta get done today?

book my flight


> how's that gonna get done?

use the family visa


> when?

after a quick bout of taksim


> what might be your motivation for staying away from any kind of berkeley-ish work?

i'll have enough of it.


> what's something you'd REAALLY like to be able to do?

algo trading. read muisic.


> how long do you think it'd take you to learn how to do it?

read music... probably... a couple days to get okay at it.


> what's something else you'd really like to be able to do?

make drones through my computer via ableton patches


> how long do you think it'd take you to learn how to do it?

maybe 2 days of experimenting with guitar and such


> obviously all of these are great projects, but which one is best to do NOW, //this// summer? scroll up... think carefully...

DEFINITELY making drones with guitar.


> [......clear.....]




> ...




> ...




> ...




> what's the goal for the end of this day?

basis for taksim; flights booked


> what's the goal for noon? 

gym-d and ready


> what's the goal for 5pm?

basis for taksim; flights booked


> what's 1 thing you could really do to make yourself //better// today?

work hard at gym, eat often, deal with craving by leaving


> once again: what's the goal for the time school starts?

to feel like i can learn anything. to be a mensch.


> once again: what's the goal for the end of the day?

do my work and chores with no stress.


> how are you feeling now?

much more awake. ready to get going.


> okay. namaste nick.




