


> do you remember your dream?

no i don't


> how are you feeling?

i feel alright. talia texted me asking about getting lunch so i feel pretty good.


> what's the #1 thing you want to be different about today compared to yesterday?

less lonely. see a friend.


> what's the #1 thing you want to be different about yourself?

that wry calm easy way. a quiet very happiness, right?


> what's your deepest insight about the outcome of taksim?

money, favorable for future artistic jbos


> [clear]




> what do you think is the biggest thing preventing you from really attacking selacon?

i think that writing for selacon is not enjoyable enough


> what might an extremely frictionless post-writing process look like?

you ditch the link sntax maybe... it figures it out from the http:// ... and the carraige returns close the div..


> what are some other concerns you have about selacon, as it exists now in your conception of it?

that it's the wrong thing to do now because it's "too berkeley" and i'll just be reading and digesting stuff to put on there all the time


> [clear]




> list the things that are really interesting you today

taksim more, talia (always), maybe a crypto class or two. mgmm work not as much but who knows.


> if you /had/ to remove /one/ of those items, which would it be?

mgmm work


> if you could only do one of the items you listed originally, which would it be?

taksim? just to sit down and design the flexible viz system


> [clear]




> when yesterday did you enjoy yourself the most?

talking to my dad after playing english coutnry tune.


> when yesterday did you enjoy yourself the least?

probably toward the end/just after eating that in 'n' out burger


> what was an experience you could have done without yesterday?

that time just after i smoked when i felt uncomofrtable/incapacitated


> what was an experience from yesterday you'd really like to have again?

either the completion of a difficult bit of project ORRRRR being outside with the dogs while i work (probably the latter). also working out with my mom.


> [clear]




> what might a welcome screen for mgmm look like?

big text little editbox


> what colors are you seeing?

oranges and yellows. there's a synbol in the center of the screen.


> what colors are you seeing by your deepest instinct?

orange background yellow trim


> what might it consist of technically?

a box with ascii art (?) or a BigFont thing.. padding around that to get it right, by %.... and an edit box, also by %....


> [clear]




> what are you going to do today to assure that you do NOT smoke in the middle of the day?

well i have the doctor's appointment at 1. before that, will find emails/a crypto calss to keep myself busy. after that, leaving the house for some work, maybe even out to dinner.


> how do you feel about working on mgmm today?

positively enough. i'd knockout the clearscreen, whitespace OR markdown-in-terminal thing today


> how do you feel about working on windfall today?

eh. i'll send an email. that's it.


> how do you feel about working on taksim today? 

pretty good. it would be strategy work.


> how do you feel about doing those classes today?

pretty good. i'll probably run through the crypto class today.


> [clear]




> what are some uses for a full-screen panel?

getting you to focus; oblique strategies-ish; divination-ish; giving you useful information snipeets (# of missed emails/facebook things, if anyone important emailed you); the weather (hah NO), your bank accoutn ballance (!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!)


> you may want to try at a one-button mgmm setup




> what are some uses for a full-screen panel with a central design, bold colors and a small textbox asking you a cyclical question, not dissimilar from "oblique strategies"?.




> [clear]




> what's something that really oughta get done today?

two emails and to cash a check. to the last question: getting your instinct on a mood or best next-decision. best use of your time. (ps money should be how much money you have to spend TODAY!!! that's the best wakeup screen)


> how's that gonna get done?

i will write the emails before appt. will cash during or after appt errand.


> when?

d


> [clear]




> what might be your motivation for staying away from any kind of berkeley-ish work?

i will have enough


> [clear]




> what's something you'd REAALLY like to be able to do?

say i work for the NSA or smth


> how long do you think it'd take you to learn how to do it?

probably two years of constant security practice


> what's something else you'd really like to be able to do?

do all that ejaculatory control stuff


> how long do you think it'd take you to learn how to do it?

probably everyday hegels for like two months or three months.   (so if i start now i'll be ready in time for berkeley)


> obviously all of these are great projects, but which one is best to do NOW, //this// summer? scroll up... think carefully...

hegels.


> [......clear.....]




> ...




> ...




> ...




> what's the goal for the end of this day?

taksim thing designed. addition to mgmm. hegels.


> what's the goal for noon? 

emails sent check gon be cashed


> what's the goal for 5pm?

taksim designed. hegels.


> what's 1 thing you could really do to make yourself //better// today?

besides hegels? probably practicing negotiations with shaz.


> once again: what's the goal for the time school starts?

to be better at learning from my own experiences; to be more fit and friendly and down to earth....to be more down to earth....


> once again: what's the goal for the end of the day?

taksim's designed. socialize with someone.


> how are you feeling now?

pretty good.


> bon voyage.




