


#evening


> what was the highlight of your day?

hm. chatting with my dad in his office, then coming into my room and making a really good take on the mpd. zones


> tell me about your struggle with smoking today. tell me about your lowest point and how you coped with it.

i thought a lot about weed today. i think a lot about weed. i felt so much resolve and yet still the desire comes at me. my lowest point must have been in-line for in-n-out --- zoning out, i ////feel//// so much better, so much more alert, awake and alive; and yet i still wanted to use.   then coming otu of the drivethrough i drove on the wrong side of the street...    and i thought, more than once, "if i used i wouldn't be so frazzled. weed is good for me."     do you see the feloniousness of that thinking?    thoughtcrime -- i dealt with it by coming to the conclusion that these thoughts are thoughtcrime perpetrated against me by my addiction, that actor over which i have only indirect agency; the sort of agnecy a prison guard has over a prisoner.   


> what can you learn from this, going forward?

i am the prison guard and the addiction is my prisoner.    i will make it my bitch.


> what's busting out of you from the inside right now?

zones -- this incredible desire to make zones..    to send in that sketchbook, make zones, and start drawing straightaway right again


> and what's busting out of you from the outside?

the desire to work. to finsih the cool collablab project and pick up a few good bucks from it.


> speak to this force:

"i'll make money later. i'll do cool things later. perhaps this very cool thing, even. i may even make money through collablab at the end of august doing it.  just wait, okay?  i have zones to make."


> the biggest friend you have inside you:

the desire to do artistic, creative projects.    the desire to imprison my habit of smoking.            (ah, i see:):   the desire to be better, and better, and better.


> what can you say to this friend?

thank you. don't ever leave. thank you for not letting me be satisfied with who i am.   thank you for letting me be satisfied with how far i've come.   i don't know how you do it, but that balance you strike is truly unbelievable.  just keep doing whatever it is you're doing and don't ever stop doing it


> thank it:

thank you. thank you. thank you.


> thank the friends you have outside of you:  show gratitude:

thank you mom. how would i have remembered towels otherwise? remembered to get pillows even?   dad:  thank you. you're always on my team. so selfelss with me. with money, even, your biggest weakpoint.   marco: hahahaaa i can't believe it. i don't know how you do it.  thank you.     sarah: thank you for your forgiveness.   nico: thank you for reaching out to me.  i was too afraid even thoguh i was thinking of you this very day. thank you.    ben:  thank you for reaching out to me today. i miss you! come home.   serena: thank you for the bed. thank you for trusting me to share it with you even though it could have been risky for you, for both of us. i'm happy that your trust was well-placed. thank you.     adam: thank you for teaching me! we'll continue learning together, i have no doubt.


> you're sweet




> in every way




> goodnight nick




> i love you




