


#evening


> what was the highlight of your day?

driving with dad to the airport. or out with parents for le pan brunch


> let me take a minute to remind you of a dream you once had




> you would be dressed in all your nerd glory - cool dark inconspicuous t-shirt, cool but inconspicuous jeans, maybe some cool sneakers, perhaps even your discrete glasses -- sitting bow-legged on the floor of some space with instruments, maybe even a laptop, and you're making drones... drones...




> and you're completely sober




> this s a dream, isn't it? transcendental experience by your own hand, no chchemicals involved?




> when did you feel the most upset today?

when dad told me aobut brandon tarterkoff giving his daughter severe, permanant brain damage from an accident that as entirely his fault


> could you have changed your reaction so as to feel a different way? how might this have changed your day?

i could have transmuted that feeling of disgust and anger into resolution, self-assurance, a need to stay sober, to live the bright and shining life that's all laid out for me now, isn't it...


> tell me about your struggle with smoking today. tell me about your lowest point and how you coped with it.

at one point i almost thought of going to the farmacy. i succesfully went to boba instead and the craving was gone. at another point, before going to the airport, i half thought about it. i thought about, "dan probably has weed in new york with sarah," or "sarah's friends smoke." these were lowpoints. no doubt about that.


> what can you learn from this, going forward?

pay attention to when i'm thinking about smoking. why did i think about smoking then? how can i transmute that thinking about smoking into something else? into craving a different kind of relaxing experience? a different kind of stimulating experience? a different kind of transcendental exp? that is, what kind of experience am i ///really looking to have//// and ///how else can i find it?/////


> pick two images - one positive and one negative - that //relaly// motivate you to stay sober.

negative:  i'm 30 and burnt out. i'm still smoking pot every day. i design things, make things, freelance work like for shaz, getting stoned before doing it. i haven't learned anything truly interesting in years.  i'm not dating the right person.    //    positive:  i've done the kinds of interesting things i can hardly imagine now -- government work, contract work.  i've written books.  i think i'm on the verge of discovering something..   i'm with the right person.


> remember, this is never a chore. keep it short tomorrow if you would want to. try to make yourself spend the most time answering only a few questions.




> what's something you can do to make tomorrow fabulous?

find something amazing in montreal. get lost.


> do it




> relax




> breathe. do the exercises.




> good night :***** 




