


> do you remember your dream?

a few parts of it...   1) spiders crawling all over my ceiling, from the spiders on adam's statue.   2) something about girls .. one i knew what i didn't  


> how are you feeling?

okay. i wasn't good to wakeup in the morning, okay after shower and breakfast and worse after mom tells me talia's angry, she must be with someone if shes' over it


> what's the #1 thing you want to be different about today compared to yesterday?

less. smoking. 


> what's the #1 thing you want to be different about yourself?

more the "cool guy"  --  nothing really gets to him, knows what's really important in life;  not stressed at all despite all the amazing things he's doing -- all that just makes him feel more relaxed, because he's on the right path and all...........


> what's your deepest insight about the outcome w talia?

a brief romance. no kidding.


> talk to shaz today?

yes. i'm on skype all day.


> seedbox today?

yes. steps are in todo now


> what might an extremely frictionless writing process look like?

i just write down a bunch of links with descriptions and a python script figures it all out for me, makes the post in good trivium format


> list the things that are really interesting you today

crypto class a bit; mgmm


> if you could only do one of the items you listed originally, which would it be?

crypto class actually..


> if you could do all but one of these items, what would you cut?




> when yesterday did you enjoy yourself the most?

probbably outside having just smoked with ben and adam, or back in the home theater just media-ing iwth laptops, super super fun and natural feeling........ felt like it "should be" you know


> when yesterday did you enjoy yourself the least?

after finishing ben's blunt when no one else wanted to and just feeling alone and fuzzy-high


> what was an experience you could have done without yesterday?

above, and the aftermath of being fuzzy-high in my room etc


> what was an experience from yesterday you'd really like to have again?

laptops with ben and adam;  just taking with talia


> what's the plan for setting up the seedbox today?

got it in my todo


> what's the plan for meeting up with talia today?

xx not today


> what's the plan for smoking at adam's today?

xx 


> again, what's the plan for meeting up with talia today?

xx


> when is the latest you can smoke today?

xx


> what might a more designy screen for mgmm look like?

xx


> what colors are you seeing by your deepest instinct?

xx


> what might it consist of technically?

xx


> if you worked on  only  one thing today (which may well be the case), what would it be?

seedbox. crypto class.


> how long would it take you to build a one-button mgmm setup?

probably an afternoon or an evening with parents


> what are some uses for a full-screen panel with a central design, bold colors and a small textbox asking you a cyclical question, not dissimilar from "oblique strategies"?

uses? hah.


> what are some uses for a wakeup/idling screen that tells you, among other things, how much money you have left to spend that day?




> what's something that really oughta get done today?

seedbox.


> how's that gonna get done?

via extenral harddrive, starting stat.


> when?

stat


> how do you feel about making drones with your guitar via ableton today/tonight? just you... alone in your room... all your shit set up.....?

it could happen.


> ...




> ...




> ...




> what's the goal for the end of this day?

feel great. i got a lot done etc.


> what's the goal for noon? 

past....


> what's the goal for 5pm?

seedbox up, a class or something


> what's 1 thing you could really do to make yourself //better// today?

postpone smoking


> once again: what's the goal for the time school starts?

cool guy.


> once again: what's the goal for the end of the day?

seedbox etc. got my life together.


> how are you feeling now?

i'm alright thanks


> bon voyage.




