


> do you remember your dream?

not really, no


> how are you feeling?

well. went to the gym, started on querying stuff, i'm energized


> what's the #1 thing you want to be different about today compared to yesterday?

no smoking until sundown.


> what's the #1 thing you want to be different about yourself?

more the cool guy.


> what are your thoughts on selacon next-steps?

maybe a system by which i can write a simple text file, press a button and have it scp the file to my server and post everything.


> what's that idea for the visualization again?

a bunch of spheres hovering around a white clean space. bigger spheres are the more impotant things. they kind of move and settle and maybe react toeyour cursor a little bit.


> how are visualizations switched between?

i assume they're modularly inserted into a script hosted elsewhere.


> what's the first step for making that visualization happen?

find a good circle thing on openprocessing


> what comes immediately next?

find a good cirlce thing. making a list of fake tasks in a p5 sketch and making it work for you.


> how much do you think you can do //well// today?

i think i could get an attractive viz today. in fact i'm sure of it.


> what makes today such a good day for guitar + drones?

yesterday i "wasted" my time doing this scraping shit. it wasn't that fun. tonight i'd prefer to do something more enjoyable.


> why do you especially want to do it tonight, after last night?




> what's the simplest working version of the meditation game?

basically twirp, except hte screen you go to waits for a minute and then buzzes.


> how long would that take to make?

i don't know, a day or so? two days more to get it really right?


> pick time + duration. pick them at the same time?

no, i think it should suggest a time when you start to meditate and you can adapt it. the upper bound is dictated by your experience level. make sure you don't overextend yourself.


> testing process would be what?

just using it a lot using it every day until i have a perfect piece of software, no matter how long it takes - a piece of software that taught ME how to meditate and puts my wisdom back out there for others. i'm looking at a 1-2 year investment of time in this project.


> what's interesting you the most today?

replacing my fan.  taksim fun.  mgmm thoughts


> list other things that are really interesting you today

crypto class.  


> where are you doing work today? pick the place you can see yourself being most focused, motivated and comfortable.

i would pick coffee bean.   maybe i fix my laptop, then go out to coffee bean.


> when yesterday did you enjoy yourself the most?

i can hardly remember yesterday. maybe when i was really wrpaped up in scraping and i just lost myself.


> when yesterday did you enjoy yourself the least?

probably after smoking in th daytime and feeling a bit uncomfortable.


> what was an experience you could have done without yesterday?

see above.


> what was an experience from yesterday you'd really like to have again?

ah, to above answer: worst experience yesterday aws realizing i had forgotten to make drones because i was scraping..   experience i'd like to have again:  feeling of looking through my old journlas and finding someting really great in there


> what can keep you from smoking before sunset today?

interest.  interest interest interest.


> how will you enofrce a craving?

leaving the scene in which i can smoke.


> consider the designy mgmm screen. any thoughts?

i think that will be a fun challenge. it may even be "the next thing to do." but we'll see how i feel about mgmm in the next days. this question is staying.


> consider the one-button mgmm setup. any thoughts?

it's basically done. i can't think of anything else it needs right now.


> consider the vision of an oblique strategies kind of vision. any thoughts?

a lot of question asking/question answerin.g that's lal for now.


> consider the banking and finance aspect. any thoughts?

not for now.


> if you worked on  only  one thing today (which may well be the case), what would it be?

getting a cool taksim viz. or drones..    drones.


> when's the best time to do the scraper?

before, during and right after dinner!! before drones!!!!!!!!


> when's the best time to do that taksim work?

after replacing my laptop fan


> what's something that really oughta get done today?

drones.


> how's that gonna get done?

tonight.


> when?

weed.


> how do you feel about making drones with your guitar via ableton today/tonight? just you... alone in your room... all your shit set up.....?

yes it's 100% going down.


> ...




> ...




> ...




> what's the goal for the end of this day?

taksim viz is in my hands.  scraper's in a good place.


> what's the goal for noon? 

past


> what's the goal for 5pm?

scraper's p done and  taksim viz is v cool


> what's 1 thing you could really do to make yourself //better// today?

have a fun easy time at the party


> once again: what's the goal for the time school starts?

cool cool gu


> once again: what's the goal for the end of the day?

scraper and taksim


> how are you feeling now?

good. a little nervosu about getting it all done but quite good and excited for this laptop repair


> today'll be a good one.




