


#morning


> how are you feeling?

ok


> what were you dreaming about?

a big red FORD thing that scales skyscrapers.  floating in the sky halfway up a skyscraper, looking up, overcase day in chicago, beautiful big tall building and down below, the street


> in a moment you're going to attack the button on windfall, and edit some text. what will you tell matt when you're done?

"i removed the button for now - {reason}. some other frontpage edits.


> evening diary maanger finds your most plausible wakeup. how does today's diary relate to writing scripts? in statements, the cursor focus should imply that it isn't typable. what's the very next step on making mgmm better for you?

nothing for now. testing it well. thta's all.


> will you remove all possible marijuana configurations before the button or after?

button, remove, ios.


> at first you thought smoking with dad would be a good idea, something to bring you closer together. now you think you shouldn't introduce drugs into your relationship with dad, because you know deep down that they're trouble with you and you don't want to get him into the same kind of trouble -- because you know he's prone, don't you.




> what'll you do for dad today?

come into his office during the button extravaganza


> what's something small you're curious about?

the way to get that shimmering sound in reverb sometimes


> ah,




> the med game. 




> long may it have come.




> don't be so focused on getting it all done today. just focus on making something that gives me a "meditate" option and a "reschedule" option. 




> today's actually going to be quite good. the idea is to 'reset' and soul search, meaning search.  just remember to remove the pot during the day.  after that, you can just focus on your work. if you can make it to mgem, i will take the rest from there.




> so namaste man







#evening


> what got you the most excited today?

i suppose apartment hunting, seeing as it's all i really did


> when were you the most emotional today?

probably after learning that our applicatinos would not be accepted as they were sent in.


> when did time disappear today?

that brief moment when i was working on matt's project...


> now, listen, you're your own best friend




> that's the way life is, and that's why i wrote this program, that's why the sun cycle means anything.




> now listen, marijauna like this, we know it can't go on.




> give yourself the benefit of a few weeks' clarity. if you can make it til friday, (1) i'll be extremely impressed (2) you'll feel */much/* better for it. 




> now, it won't be easy just because you got to friday. oh no. you'll have two weeks of the harshest withdrawl symptoms after that. the first of those weeks is in between montreal and new york city. and now with the heat getting to you, the sweats anyway, the sleeplessness plus the stress of travel - serena's roommate will seem like a tempting friend indeed.




> and when you get back to LA - oh! the temptations! the google searches for weed doctors. the walking longingly by the marijuana clinic near the gym -- i'll tell myself "i'm just going to crave to do work, i really liked that place."




> right.  right.




> but somehow i'll manage to go to some other shop on Ventura. I'll've picked it on on my commute to the gym in a moment of sobriety, lucidity. somehow i'll manage to neither molest serena nor use her roommate for weed, because i'll actually be able to deal with myself this time. the trick, of course, is




> one week of sobriety before i land in new york




> and keeping myself busy with mgmm-on-the-go.




> ...




> ...




> you're right that smoking with your dad is a horrible idea.




> ...




> ...




> what got you the most excited today?

i suppose the prospect of seeing talia. 


> what are you excited about for tomorrow?

i suppose the prospect of seeing talia...


> when's a good time to get a massage?

thursday.


> if you wake up tomorrow and you're just totally not motivated at all, what's something you can do outside of your house during the day, with a car and a wallet and a full tank of gas? sky high? (or something less violent maybe)

FIND  A  HACKERSPACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!


> if you're in berkeley you gotta go to MA. that'll just be fun.  




> listen, be your best friend tomorrow too. you need your best friend around you right now. 




> be your best friend the next day. transmute this enthusiasm and rigidness and vigor forward through the scripts. 




> and, whatever you do, do NOT STOP USING MGMM!!!!!!!!!!!!




> intensify it!!!!!!!!




> this is THE SUN CYCLE. this is what you write the books about.




> 'I do not prescribe any uses or techniques for my software - when I distribute my code, I simply describe its function. The greatest joy of a software programmer is to see how other people come to understand your software.' 




> "This book chronicles my personal experience with a particular piece of software. I happened to write and design the software I discuss, but that part's not relevant. If you cared about the technical details you'd be reading my code instead. This is a book about ' 




> and so on.




> but if you want to get there, you have




> to make 




> your work




> work




> for you.




> otherwise there's no such thing as "bang for your buck" in labor efficiency,




> and there's no such thing as "well it was a fruitful hobby"




> and you should have just been making drones the whole time instead,




> especially if you were just going to be a fucking stoner anyway, because then at least your shitty drones would sound more forgiving to you




> but no, you're going to be the sober lifed zones master




> who's the grad student at berkeley




> PEACE \/




