


#evening


> what was the highlight of your day?

a 3-and-a-half hour tv marathon with mom and dad of course!  or finishing up my sketchbook project.


> tell me about your struggle with smoking today. tell me about your lowest point and how you coped with it.

i looked up a place to get a card. i downloaded a coupon for some guy who'll do it for $40.  i coped in the sense that i didn't go get it. i coped in the sense that i know,  think about it,  that i'd much much rather spend $40 on a massage than on a green card.    that's all for now.


> what can you learn from this, going forward?

whatever i think i'll do - i probably will.    looking up health effects of cannabis, convincing myself it's okay to use -  this is all just a scheme my addiction's set up to get me back into it.    it's best to assume that i **will** try to get myself to that clinic, that i **will** try to pick up again, that i **will** try to start using again.    all i need to remember -- **ALL** i need to remember!! -- is to take it day by day.  don't use today. if i still want to use again tomorrow, i can go use tomorrow.  but today, i'm not going to use. that's what i said to myself today and that's what i'll say to myself tomorrow. day. by day. by day. by day.       (and every day, in every way, i'm getting better and better and better).


> what's busting out of you right now?

this sketchbook. it's doneness. the possibilities going forward, writing more comics like that, getting better at writing them, getting them picked up!!!!!   OH!!!   and this VISION of me--in that sun room in berkeley, speakers set up, listening to AND/OR making drones while i write, at a cool fucking self-built desk just for this purpose, comics...drawings....my books.....................


> what's busting at you from the outside rn?

i guess the want to smoke.    and this idea that summer's ending and with it my 'last chance' to really have fun and explore.   (though we know that's not true--it's just my last chance to goof off).     oh, and my parents' bankrupcy. but. that's that isn't it.


> and what can you say to it? speak to it:

to the bankrupcy:  what comes will come!!!  i won't change my own path one bit.  the rest is change and gravy.   //   to the want to smoke: you don't own me! and oyu don't make me who i am!!!!!!!! i'm going to do cooler, better things without you just to fucking defy you. so fuck off!!! you'll see who i am!!!!!!!! i'll show you!!!!!!!   ///   to the idea that my last chance to explore is ending:  remember the idea of getting home from work;  after a day in the office;  the speakers in my sun room; the drafting desk.  --   .   now don't let that fantasy go!!! you will make it your life!!!!    just hold onto the idea of studio montiors/speakers,   and start to design the drafting desk.   after the mattress is set, you'll figure out exactly what to do with it. you'll be set.   it's your studio.  when you come home from work, you know exactly whats' gonna go on there, eh.... eh.....


> future:

comics, cartoons;   the rest is gravy isn't it


> past:

learning to code. what got me here.


> the cycle:

work to play. work to play. work to play. work to play.


> the exit to it:

work feeds my play. my play is an expression of, for, about my work. i art-ize my work through play. my work is art. making art is play. so work is play isn't it


> good




> any regrets about the current path? /trajectory?

do i have regrets about not smoking lately? no. of course not.  //  will i have regrets if i don't smoke at //all// these coming two weeks?  (well, it seems unlikely that i would, doesn't it?)     |||    i say! that the most important thing is to    |    hone the cartooning and drawing and drones   |.   that is my hobby, isn't it???????


> good




> great




> goodnight nick




> i love you







#morning


> what were you dreaming about?

i don't remember anymore. something though, something


> tell me about lucid dreaming?

i was far too tired. i fell back asleep.


> how are you feeling?

i'm alright. i left the gym early out of nerves.  i was short with mom because of nerves too. even though the house is closed on.  thoughts of getting a card, even thoughts of mentioning it to mom (to normalize it to myself of course).  i think i'm getting a massage today.


> did you see any new cards?

not lately


> collablab project today




> what's the very first step? (hint: it's stupid-ass simple)

setting up a workspace and opening up the code


> what's the next step?

combining the code into something sensible   and making sense of the next steps


> draw a tarot




> any thoughts?

page of wands -- jump at the opportunity to be daring, to be creative, to do something original and new.    (drones. sketchbook.  not hacking. unfortuantely.)


> what can you do to make today truly fucking excellent?

get a massage. get the business settled with my landlords.   make a great drone and draw to boot.


