


> do you remember your dream?

ach not really. i ought to do this when i wake up.


> how are you feeling?

alright. 


> what's the #1 thing you want to be different about today compared to yesterday?

better mood. more happy positive energy


> what's the #1 thing you want to be different about yourself?

more open and warm and receptive to love. more cool and collected and knows what's really important in life


> how do you really want to feel today?

really smiley happy postiive ... like i've "got my happy shoes on", the way i felt the day or so after i met demetra.


> why do you especially want to do drones tonight, after last night?

last night was a drone cokctease - was meaning to do it but went to the party instead. the party was great but i'd like some more positive vibes tonight. some more zones tonight.


> how long would it take to make the simplest version of the meditation game?

3 hours. boom.


> what's a good mindstate/lifestate for making this prototype?

self-competitive. deeply artistic/creative. similar to drones - channelled through by drones


> what do you stand to gain from making it?

some much needed mind control -- something i haven't fostered for about 2 years now.


> what's interesting you the most today?

scheduling this med game business/sprint.    drones, researching drones.    mgmm next steps, making it 'amazing software.'     finding the right taksim viz on my now-silent laptop


> list other things that are really interesting you today

drawing out the mgmm roadmap as i now see it.     doing "good business" with shaz.   looking at apartments with marco online.    my parents, their happiness


> how does this sound:




> draw out mgmm next steps




> draw out some cool ideas on paper about drones




> taksim viz, if there's time




> what can keep you from smoking before sunset today?

leaving when i have a bad enough craving.   no smoking tonight until the amp, guitar and input is set up and tested.


> how will you enofrce a craving?

leaving.


> when yesterday did you enjoy yourself the most?

probably standing around talking to ben and allegra


> when yesterday did you enjoy yourself the least?

either helping mom get stanley in... no - when i realized i had pushed dad away by not letting him watch me fix the macbook.


> what's one thing you can do to make mgmm more intriguing/beautiful/appealing?

i think it's all about the fullscreen urwid widget.


> reminder about oblique strategies




> reminder about [wisdom] tag in script to get random bits of wisdom injected from an extrnval file




> the random text is probably a different color.




> what do you think should come first:




> making this system here better?




> or making the awesome urwid screen?

making the awesome urwid screen. i think it's time. this all is "good enough" and can wait for further perfectionism.   the major design goal is to make this into something i use ALL  DAY.   answering questions all day is alright  but what's better is reflecting all day and meditating all day. and not getting too caught up in this and that.  /// PERHAPS: THERE'S A MORNING  AND   EVENING.MGMM  SCRIPT AND COMPLEMENTARY COMMANDS - BOOM! MR GOOD MORNING MACHINE AND MR GOOD EVENING MACHINE!    AND BOTH ARE ACTUALLY BOUND TO BASH SCRIPTS THAT START TMUX AND DO ALL THAT SHIT AUTOMATICALY HAHAH!!!!!!!!!!!!1


> if you worked on  only  one thing today (which may well be the case), what would it be?

mgmm meditation. drones.


> how do you feel about making drones with your guitar via ableton today/tonight? just you... alone in your room... all your shit set up.....?

great. tonight ist he night.


> ...




> ...




> ...




> how do you feel about yourself?

i feel okay.  


> what would you be if not exactly who you are?

//more//.... more of an inventor (more accolades, more patents, more big work in big places).   more of like an astounding intellect behind a really relaxed calm veneer.  


> why? why not you?

good question..............i just want to be me in the future already. that's the idea behind working harder, isn't it? accelerate your momentum toward the future?


> ...




> ...




> ...




> ...




> what's the goal for the end of this day?

a taksim viz all picked out. shaz is talked to, dealt with.  some drones research. an mgmm roadmap.


> what's the goal for noon? 

mgmm roadmap, shit all wrote down eh.


> what's the goal for 5pm?

see above.  drones come after.


> once again: what's the goal for the time school starts?

on my way to becoming an inventor...


> once again: what's the goal for the end of the day?

chiller inventor


> how are you feeling now?

good. better. ready.


> get em good today eh 




